docs: add apisix-variable Chinese doc & update directory (#7871)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/apisix-variable.md

---
title: APISIX variable
keywords:
 - Apache APISIX
 - API Gateway
 - APISIX variable

> description: This is article descriptions Apache APISIX variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This article describes the variables supported by Apache APISIX.
```

#
-->

## Description

> Besides [Nginx variable](http://nginx.org/en/docs/varindex.html), APISIX also provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides [NGINX variable](http://nginx.org/en/docs/varindex.html), APISIX also provides
```

| graphql_operation   | core       | the operation type of GraphQL.                                                      | mutation       |
| graphql_root_fields | core       | the top level fields of GraphQL.                                                    | ["hero"]       |
| mqtt_client_id      | mqtt-proxy | the client id in MQTT protocol.                                                     |                |
| route_id            | core       | id of Route.                                                                        |                |
| route_name          | core       | name of Route.                                                                      |                |
| service_id          | core       | id of Service.                                                                      |                |
| service_name        | core       | name of Service.                                                                    |                |
| redis_cmd_line      | Redis      | the content of Redis command.                                                       |                |

> | rpc_time            | xRPC       | time spent at the rpc request level.                                                |                |

Reviewer: These descriptions need to use capital letters at the beginning.
